#summary Summaries of chat meetings between mentors and student.
#labels Featured,Phase-Design

= Summaries of Meetings =

== Third meeting (04/30/2007) ==

=== Accomplished ===

  * Helder: Got the Gmail-label-emptying !FireWatir script to work!
  * Angrez/Aaron: Searched for new recorders; didn't find any.

=== Decisions ===

  * !TestGen4Web is the final winner in the recorder contest.
  * We need a proof of concept working by the end of May.
  * Set Timeline page with milestones and project plan.

=== TODO (until next week) ===

  * Helder: parse the XML from !TestGen4Web (get the XML into a document tree that I can use).
  * Helder: start learning XPath.
  * Helder: write a blog post about the empty_label.rb script.
  * Angrez: append list with elements supported by Firewatir to the Timeline page.
  * Aaron: have a great vacation! ;)

== Second meeting (04/23/2007) ==

=== Accomplished ===

  * Helder: Tried playing around with Firewatir on Gmail to delete all messages with a label. Failed miserably. Learned a few things.
  * Helder: Installed DOM Inspector, !WebDeveloper and !InspectWidget extensions; started fussing around with pages structures.
  * Angrez/Aaron: Tried out !TestGen4Web and looked at his output.
    * it doesn't write out reload command when user clicks on Back button;
    * it doesn't handle page pop ups. probably would have to record new script for new window and then merge it into the parent one;
    * don't know if it handles javascript popups (messages).

=== Decisions ===

  * Ruled out selenium-ide as candidate for recorder.
  * Meetings should be weekly until the end of May (because of Helder's work and university classes), and then start to be twice a week as we build up speed.

=== TODO ===

  * Helder: Write script to empty Gmail-*HTML* label (should be easier).
  * Helder: Go through roadmap in the application and sketch out Milestones.
  * Everyone: Search for new recorders. *Deadline* for picking one is _next week_.








